224 automate creating the outlier csv file (#228)
CDCgov/cfa-epinow2-pipeline: SOP.md

Verify that you can locate the configuration files in Azure blob storage.

> If you receive an error that you do not have the necessary permissions to run this command please reach out Agastya Mondal ([ab59\@cdc.gov](mailto:ab59@cdc.gov){.email}) for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an error that you do not have the necessary permissions to run this command please reach out Nate McIntosh ([ute2@cdc.gov](mailto:ute2@cdc.gov)) or Micah Wiesner ([zqmk6\@cdc.gov](mailto:zqmk6@cdc.gov)) for assistance.
```

There are three ways to generate configs:

1.  Use the GUI in the config generation repo Navigate to <https://github.com/CDCgov/cfa-config-generator/actions/workflows/run-workload.yaml>, click the "Run workflow" dropdown menu, specify your parameters, and hit "Run workflow". This will write a set of configs to `az://rt-epinow2-config/{job_id}`. Then run `make run-batch JOB=job_id` to run the models using the configs you just generated.

![screenshot of UI](image.png) 2. Use the command line `gh workflow run -R cdcgov/cfa-config-generator run-workload.yaml -f job_id='my_job_id' -f task_exclusions='NY:COVID-19', -f output_container='nssp-rt-testing'` Use -f flags to specify arguments different from the defaults

3.  (We recommend you do NOT) run `make config`. This will specify the production container, `nssp-rt-v2`, as the output destination. We don't want to contaminate the production output with test runs and experiments. Use this for production runs only.

Note that if you need to modify a config, you may download it from blob, edit, and re-upload to overwrite the copy in blob.

> ### Appendix {#appendix}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Appendix
```
This doesn't display nicely on GitHub
